 UK's Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 For UK users 
Key Aspects of the UK Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013:
Traders must provide detailed, clear, and easily accessible information to consumers before a contract is formed. This information includes: 
•	Main characteristics: of the goods, services, or digital content.
•	Total price, including all taxes, and any delivery charges.
•	Delivery costs: and delivery restrictions.
•	Contract duration: and conditions for cancellation.
•	Minimum contract duration: and conditions for termination.
•	How: a consumer can access the information.

Cancellation Rights: Consumers have a statutory 14-day right to cancel most distance or off-premises contracts. How to cancel: Customers must make a clear statement of their intent to cancel. Exceptions: This right does not apply to certain contracts, such as those for gambling, financial services, or residential leases.


No Hidden Charges: 
•	Pre-ticked boxes and add-ons: Traders are prohibited from using pre-ticked boxes or automatically adding extras. 
•	Active opt-in: Consumers must actively opt in to any additional features or services.
Digital Content System requirements: Information must be provided on what systems or hardware digital content will work with. 
Waiver for downloads: For digital content that can be downloaded, businesses must obtain a waiver from the consumer before the download to allow for the 14-day cancellation right.
 Payment Obligation 
Explicit acknowledgment: When placing an order online, consumers must explicitly acknowledge that the order means they have an obligation to pay.
Key Aspects of the Consumer Rights Act 2015  for UK Users:
Goods: 
•	Quality,
•	 Fitness, and Description: Goods must be of satisfactory quality,
•	 fit for purpose, and as described by the retailer.
•	 Right to Reject: Consumers can reject faulty goods within 30 days of purchase to receive a full refund. 
•	Repair or Replacement: After 30 days, if the goods are faulty, consumers have a right to a repair or replacement. If a repair isn't possible or successful, a price reduction or refund may be available. 

Services: Services must be provided with reasonable care and skill. If a service does not meet these standards, the consumer may be entitled to a refund or other remedies. 
Digital Content: The Act gives consumers the right to repair or replacement for faulty digital content, such as games or e-books.

INFORM Consumers Act  For  USA users 
Our obligations: 
Seller Verification: Dedw3n must gather and verify contact information, tax ID numbers, and bank details for "high-volume" third-party sellers. 
Seller Disclosure: Sellers with a significant revenue threshold (e.g., $20,000 or more) must have their name, physical address, and contact information displayed on their product listings.
Information Verification: This information must be confirmed annually to ensure its accuracy.
Reporting Mechanism:  Each product / post or service has a red flag , please click on the red flag to report anything to us. With our clear and accessible mechanism for our users to report suspicious activity. 
Data Security: Dedw3n has  implemented strong security measures to protect your  collected seller information. 
Suspension of Non-compliant Sellers: Sellers who fail to provide the required information within a specified timeframe (e.g., 10 days) must be suspended

The FTC Act for USA users
The FTC Act prohibits unfair or deceptive practices, requiring accurate product descriptions and fair terms for consumers. 
Traders must provide detailed, clear, and easily accessible information to consumers before a contract is formed. This information includes: 
•	Main characteristics: of the goods, services, or digital content.
•	Total price, including all taxes, and any delivery charges.
•	Delivery costs: and delivery restrictions.
•	Contract duration: and conditions for cancellation.
•	Minimum contract duration: and conditions for termination.
•	How: a consumer can access the information.

The Digital Services Act (DSA) for  EU users
Our obligations:
Content Moderation and Illegal Content: 
Removal of Illegal Content: Each product / post or service has a red flag icon , please click on the red flag to report anything to us. With our clear and accessible mechanism , it is easy for our users to report suspicious activity illegal content, including hate speech, terrorist content, and child sexual abuse material, once notified. 
Reporting Obligations: Dew3n will yearly  report on the number of removal orders from authorities and notices of illegal content. 
Transparency and Accountability: Algorithmic Transparency: Dedw3n will  be transparent about how we use automated content moderation tools and disclose their error rates.
 Recommender Systems: We will provide  Transparency regarding recommender systems and the ability for users to select options not based on profiling. 
Advertising Transparency: Dedw3n  will  disclose how advertising is presented to users and that content is advertising. 
User Rights and Protection: Protection of Minors: The DSA prohibits targeted advertising based on minors' personal data. 
Challenging Decisions: Users can challenge decisions on content moderation, such as content removal or account suspension. Ban on Dark Patterns: Misleading interfaces designed to trick users into making unwanted choices are banned.
Combatting Illegal Goods: Specific obligations are imposed on Dedw3n online marketplaces to combat the sale of illegal products and services. All products need to adhere to our Catalogue Rules.
 Know Your Business Customer (KYBC): "Know Your Business Customer" requirements are imposed on Dedw3n to verify Business information and  to ensure, that we  know the businesses  that are selling on our platform.

Product Safety Regulation (GPSR) For Vendors selling in the EU 
Product Safety & Risk Management 
Safety Assessment: Businesses must conduct risk assessments to ensure products are safe for consumers under normal or reasonably foreseeable use.
Testing for Harmful Substances: Products must be tested to ensure they are free from harmful levels of substances like nickel, lead, and cadmium.
Ongoing Compliance: Businesses must monitor and maintain product safety over time, especially when suppliers, materials, or designs change.
Labeling & Information
Mandatory Labeling:
Products must display clear labeling, including the manufacturer's name, address, contact details, and a traceability reference (e.g., serial or batch number). 
Safety Warnings:
Safety warnings and instructions for use must be provided on the product, packaging, or documentation in the official language(s) of the market where it is sold. 
Responsibility & Documentation
Authorised Representative:
Non-EU businesses must appoint an EU-based company to act as a responsible person or authorized representative. 
Technical Documentation:
Manufacturers are required to maintain technical documentation and a Declaration of Conformity. 
Traceability:
Products must have identification marks (like a batch or serial number) to allow traceability throughout the supply chain. 
