Intellectual Property Claims Policy

REPORTING CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Dedw3n.com's content is based on User Generated Content (UGC). Dedw3n does not check user uploaded/created content for violations of copyright or other rights. However, if you believe any of the uploaded content violates your copyright or a related exclusive right, you should follow the process below. Dedw3n looks into reported violations and removes or disables content shown to be violating third party rights.
In case you encounter any violation of intellectual property rights on Dedw3n, please use Dedw3n's easy-to-use online tools, which allow users to add all of the relevant information to their report. Learn more on how to report content on Dedw3n here. In addition, Dedw3n maintains additional reporting flows for DMCA notices and counter-notices, and for trademark infringement, through designated agents, as set forth in detail below.

REPORTING COPYRIGHT CLAIMS UNDER THE US DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT (DMCA)

In case you are reporting under the U.S DMCA, you can either report through the existing online tools, or send an infringement notice (“Infrigement Notice”) on our contact form to Dedw3n’s designated DMCA agent.

DMCA NOTICE REQUIREMENTS

In order to allow us to review your report promptly and effectively, the Notice should include the following:

Identification of your copyrighted work and what is protected under the copyright(s) that you are referring to.
Your copyright certificate(s)/designation(s) and the type, e.g., registered or unregistered.
Proof of your copyrights ownership, such as the registration number or a copy of the registration certificate.
A short description of how our user(s) allegedly infringe(s) your copyright(s).
Clear reference to the materials you allege are infringing and which you are requesting to be removed, for example, the GIG® url, a link to the deliverable provided to a user, etc.
Your complete name, address, email address, and telephone number.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or the owner of an exclusive right that is being infringed, or are authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner or the owner of an exclusive right that is being infringed.
Your electronic or physical signature.

You can send your Notice to our designated DMCA Claims Agent at:

Dedw3n Ltd.
Attention: DMCA Claims Agent
50 Essex St, Temple , London WC2R3JF
England , United Kingdom


Alternatively you can submit the Notice electronically to DMCA@Dedw3n.com or by submitting a ticket to our DMCA Agent via our contact us form here .

Note that we will provide the user who is allegedly infringing your copyright with information about the Notice and allow them to respond. In cases where sufficient proof of infringement is provided, we may remove or suspend the reported materials prior to receiving the user's response. In cases where the allegedly infringing user provides us with a proper counter-notice indicating that it is permitted to post the allegedly infringing material, we may notify you and then replace the removed or disabled material. In all such cases, we will act in accordance with 17 U.S.C Section 512 and other applicable laws.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.

DMCA COUNTER-NOTICE REQUIREMENTS

If you believe that material you posted on the site was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notice with us (a "Counter-Notice") by submitting written notification to our DMCA Claims agent (identified above). Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:

Your physical or electronic signature.
An identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).
A statement under penalty of perjury by you that you have a good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
A statement that you will consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or if you reside outside the United States for any judicial district in which the Website may be found) and that you will accept service from the person (or an agent of that person) who provided the Website with the complaint at issue.

The DMCA allows us to restore the removed content if the party filing the original DMCA Notice does not file a court action against you within ten business days of receiving the copy of your Counter-Notice. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.

REPORTING TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT

Dedw3n.com's content is based on User Generated Content (UGC). Dedw3n does not check user uploaded/created content for violations of trademark or other rights. However, if you believe any of the uploaded content violates your trademark, you should follow the process below. Dedw3n looks into reported violations and removes or disables content shown to be violating third party trademark rights.

In order to allow us to review your report promptly and effectively, a trademark infringement notice ("TM Notice") should include the following:

Identification of your trademark and the goods/services for which you claim trademark rights.
Your trademark registration certificate and a printout from the pertinent country's trademark office records showing current status and title of the registration. Alternatively, a statement that your mark is unregistered, together with a court ruling confirming your rights.
A short description of how our user(s) allegedly infringe(s) your trademark(s).
Clear reference to the materials you allege are infringing and which you are requesting to be removed, for example, the GIG® url, a link to the deliverable provided to a user, etc.
Your complete name, address, email address, and telephone number.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided in the notice is accurate and that you are the trademark or are authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the trademark owner.
Your electronic or physical signature

You can send your Notice to:

Dedw3n Ltd.
Attention: DMCA Claims Agent
50 Essex St, Temple , London WC2R3JF
England , United Kingdom



Note that we will provide the user who is allegedly infringing your trademark with information about the TM Notice and allow them to respond. In cases where sufficient proof of infringement is provided, we may remove or suspend the reported materials prior to receiving the user's response. In cases where the allegedly infringing user provides us with information indicating that it is permitted to post the allegedly infringing material, we may notify you and then replace the removed or disabled material. In all such cases, we will act in accordance with applicable law.

REPEAT INFRINGERS

It is our policy in appropriate circumstances to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
