debug a white screen of death (WSOD) error, enable WP_DEBUG in the wp-config.php file to display or log errors, which are often caused by a PHP fatal error, memory limit issue, or conflicting plugin/theme. If errors don't show on the screen, check the wp-content/debug.log file, and consider deactivating all plugins and changing the theme to isolate the problem. 
Step 1: Enable WP_DEBUG
Access your site's files using an FTP client or file manager.
Locate and open the wp-config.php file in the root directory.
Add the following lines to enable debugging and logging to a file:
php
define( 'WP_DEBUG', true );
define( 'WP_DEBUG_LOG', true );
define( 'WP_DEBUG_DISPLAY', false ); // Set to false to avoid displaying errors on the live site
You can find more information on this step in this YouTube video.
Save the changes and refresh your site. 
Step 2: Analyze the error
If errors are displayed on the screen, they will point you to the specific file and line causing the issue, which could be a syntax error or a problem with a plugin or theme.
If no errors appear on the screen, go to your wp-content folder and find the debug.log file. This file will contain the logged errors.
Look for clues in the error message, such as a specific plugin, theme, or function that is failing. 
This video demonstrates how to enable WP_DEBUG and locate the debug.log file:
Related video thumbnail
58s

How to Fix the WordPress White Screen of Death (Step by Step)

YouTube • WPBeginner - WordPress Tutorials
Step 3: Isolate the cause
Disable plugins: Rename the wp-content/plugins folder to plugins-deactivated. If the site loads, rename the folder back to plugins and then reactivate each plugin one by one to find the culprit.
Switch themes: If renaming the plugins folder doesn't work, rename your active theme's folder (e.g., your-theme_old). WordPress will automatically switch to a default theme if one is installed. If your site loads, the theme is the problem. You can also use phpMyAdmin to change the theme in the WP_OPTIONS table.
Increase memory limit: If the error is related to memory, you may need to increase the PHP memory limit. This can sometimes be done through your hosting control panel, or by adding define('WP_MEMORY_LIMIT', '256M'); to your wp-config.php file. 
This video shows how to fix the White Screen of Death by disabling plugins:
Related video thumbnail
1m

How To Fix The WordPress White Screen Of Death (WSOD)

YouTube • 20i
Step 4: Address the error and clean up
Once the problematic plugin or theme is identified, remove, update, or fix it.
If you changed the wp-config.php file for debugging, revert the changes once the issue is fixed.